---
layout: post
title: Day 15
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Turkey
image: /pictures/thumbs/day15.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

We continue our trip through the "wheat sea". We love this lonely secondary roads, because we ride up on a hill and then down ... up and down to discover more and more fields.

Today it's going to be a long day, we need to cover a lot of km if we want to arrive to Göreme. On our way we pass near the Tuz Gölü, one of the largest hyper saline lakes in the world with its 1,665 km2! That's an impressive view!

It's hot, and we stop almost every hour to rest (ad drink the mandatory çay), in one of this stops we stay talking longer than in the others. A group of young men are very interested in us. They ask us what are we doing there, where are we going... they laugh about the National Spanish team because it was recently kicked out of the World Cup, and finally they ask (to Tià not to me) what am I (?!) the sister maybe?? immediately we show our rings and we say NO!! we are married! Then they look at us shocked, what are you doing here without babies?? We say laughing that any baby can come with us on the motorbike!

After that, we continue through the "highway". We see some smoke far in front of us. Ok, we think it's a little fire near, but nothing that's going to affect us ... until few kilometers after! The fire is almost on the road. It's an overturned truck nearly calcined. We stay there waiting some minutes, until everybody starts running, there is a jam and the ambulance cannot come, so we have to move fast.

Without any other impediment we continue our way to Kapadokya. Suddenly we notice that the landscape starts to change, now is greener, and at some point appear mountains on the background. When we look better we see the perfect form of a vulcan... amazing! It's the magnificent Hasan Daği (Mount Hasan).

We left the Mount Hasan on our back, and some kilometers after starts the magic ... as we are near Göreme the landscape becomes from another world, this forms can't be from the Earth! We see the sunset riding through this capricious formations. Lucky us!