---
layout: post
title: Day 11
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Bulgaria
image: /pictures/thumbs/canaldam.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

Today we stay in Burgas, not just for tourism... today is a big day! We have to receive our passports! China finally granted us our visas!!! Those are really BIG NEWS, because it seemed impossible few days ago! We were stuck in Bulgaria, without passports we cannot enter to Turkey (that's because we are going with our own motorbike, if not you can enter with your identity document and the visa).

In the morning we go to the PODA protected area between Burga's lakes to see some birds; yesterday we saw a pelican band flying and we expect to see some more! The guy there it's surprise to see us there (like... what are you doing here? You want to see birds?!). He is friendly and explains everything about this area and its birds, we spend there a good and relaxing time there until a storm comes... we have to go without seeing pelicans! (but I see an Ibis above us on the road!). 

When we arrive to the hotel, they have an envelope for us... YESSSS our passports! That means that tomorrow we can cross to Turkey! That's great!

We stay at the hotel almost the rest of the day because again there is a big storm, lightning are happening in front of us, the car's alarm are sounding and people screaming, it's a little bit crazy! When stops we go to the city center, it's nice to walk there, we have something light to dinner and we go to the hotel to sleep. Tomorrow it'll be a big day!
