---
layout: post
title: Day 1
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot
location: France
image: /pictures/thumbs/candleholders.png
permalink: 
publish: yes
---

Finally! After all the papers, the last-hour shopping, the nerves and the goodbyes the dream starts to become real!

We take the highway direct to the North. We want to reach Niza on the first day. Riding through the highway with a motorbike it's really boring (for everyone, the rider and the pillion). Usually we try to avoid them but now we want to go as far and fast as possible.

We decided to visit the Côte Azur because we never have been there, but we have a bad surprise when we reach there... winds of 80 km/h are waiting for us. With a motorbike that's a disaster, the wind is pushing us out of the road, until it decides to stop (and we cannot do a thing about it). Tià loses the motorbike control some times, so we decide to stop, and think about what we can do. It's way too dangerous to continue like this. We have an insipid sandwich, and we decide to take a Bed & Breakfast in Sigean, just 4 km away from us.

We end in the Villa Artemia with its two special owners. They are a couple formed by a french guy, who apparently cooks really good (we smelled it), and a guy from Laos, who says that can speak English (but can't) and drinks wine with us on the terrace while he speaks something like franglish??? It's super fun!

We spend a really good time there, the day was not how it was supposed to be, but at the end we had a good time and that's the important part.


