---
layout: post
title: Day 17
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Turkey
image: /pictures/thumbs/day17.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

In the morning we book another night at the same hotel. We ask to Ire what it's a must visit and she recommends to us to take a tour with a gude and a bus. We are going to be as regular tourists!

At least it's not a big group, we are just around 10 person, so it's fine. The fist stop is at the (ciutat enterrada de XXX). I'm a little afraid because I've heard it can be a "claustrophobic" and crowded, but from the first moment I feel fine there. It's surprisingly cold, and it's fun to run like a rabbit on a hole! It's an awesome place, it's so impressive what ""this civilitation"" had done to survive to the enemies. 

We had a surprise when we get out of there, a guy put OUR PHOTOS in some plates! One for each, but for another girl and for me it was more than one... I should get my copyrights!!!!! While we leave we can see that my plate is still there standing... If you go there maybe you can buy it!

The next stop is for lunch, nothing special near the XXXX valley. Then (great idea) we start walking under the sun at 15:00. The guide explains anything about the old churches or even the valley itself, he just show us the way to a tea garden. It's beautiful and relatively fresh down there, but we decide to drink our water instead of taking the superexpensive drinks that they offer at this fancy bar (special place for Instagram photos)

Now we are going to the Selime Monastery, another time it surprises us. It's just amazing that someone had thought to do that!

While we head to Göreme, the guide says that we still have an stop to do.. we don't really know what's that about, but I think that maybe it's at the open museum of Göreme. How innocent am I! it's just a stop at a "workshop"... they try to sell us some fancy jewelry with the new diamant from Turkey. When they finish the presentation Tià opens the door and we get out (they don't look at us friendly at this moment)

When we arrive at the hotel, I feel sick and I have headache. I think I have an insolation (how it can be? walking on the sun at midday at 30ºC!) so I can barely eat anything, and I go to bed really soon this night.