---
layout: post
title: Day 29
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Azerbaijan
image: /pictures/thumbs/day29.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

First in the morning we have to go to the Uzbeck's embassy, our route has changed and now we've decided to enter also to this country. When we arrive there is local people waiting, we think Robin and Pixie are already inside, again we were too lazy and too late! A good thing is that whie we wait we start meeting other tourist, they are travelling through a similar route than us, and it's nice to share experiences. Most of them wanted to take the same ship as us, si probably we we'll meet again on the vessel.

After more than an hour waiting, and some discrepancies about who had to enter, the guardians say that we are the next ones. We have to fullfill the paperwork and wait 2 or 3 days for a mail, then pay the taxes and come back to the office to get our visa. Easy enough.

We are free to go, but we have any hotel for tonight (the wifi was not working this morning), so we decide to go to a mall to get some wifi. Our plan doesn't work that great, but finally we manage to find a hotel.

At afternoon we are ready to continue visiting Baku. We need to buy some stuff and that could be our last chance. The buildings are truly impressive, they have impossible shapes and materials. What to say about the malls and shops... we can't buy anything there! There is luxoury everywhere!

After dinner in an "italian" restaurant, we walk through the promenade (they say it is the longest in the world, who knows?!). We have the oportunity to see the skyline during the night, we where just sprechless. The towers of fire are quite impressive, so we stay there just looking at them like an hour!

After that we just go to the hotel to have our deserved rest.