---
layout: post
title: Day 28
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Azerbaijan
image: /pictures/thumbs/day28.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

Today we'll drive to Baku, the countrie's capital city. Robin and Pixie are faster than us, so they leave a little bit earlier the hotel, anyway we'll keep in touch to see us again on the city. We're looking forwars it, they are so nice and friendly!

There is a huge difference between Georgia and Azerbaijan, the people is really really friendly with us and the çai is back! It's not that the Georgians are not nice or friendly of course! is just that they don't show it from the first moment. 

It's going to be a really hot day (the temperature is going to reach the 37C) and we haven0t choosen yet our route, so we ask for it in one petrol station. What a thing! we stay there almost for an hour, they where really excited to see us! we drink our çai and they manage to say that we should take the road which goes to the mountains (they say a lots of times that we should visit Qabala). 

We really want to arrive to Baku, and we don't really know whow the pavement is there.. so we just take the highway (even when we where said that this part of the country is like Sahara). We are surrounded by desert and anything else. We cross this beautiful empty fields until Baku. At some point we stop on the side of the highway to drink. The guy there asks us to take a photo of the motorbike, we say yes of course, and then... he seats on the motorbike! Tià's face it's soo funny... but it's fine... he just wants a selfie!

As nearer we are, stronger is the wind. We have a hard time with some (viento racheado), but it's fine. 

We don't know what to expect from Baku, but what we find it nothing alike what we thought!!! it's an incredible modern and fancy city in the middle of the desert! What a surprise! We are done after lunch, so we just go to the hotel to rest. 



