---
layout: post
title: Day 12
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Bulgaria-Turkey
image: /pictures/thumbs/canaldam.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

We have to get up early today, we read somewhere that we can stay one or two hours at the border, and also it will be a long ride day. 

We are just an hour and a half away from the border, so we don't stop before we reach there. Everything it's easier as thought! To be in Turkey takes 30 minutes, 2 passport controls, and one baggage control, that's it!

That's because we are entering through a less used border in the forest, good choice!

We are riding almost alone on the road when suddenly starts raining (again?!), a few kilometers later we stop to put our “rain clothes”, and we continue our way to Istanbul. We have lunch at a restaurant near the highway, and it is tasty! Then another super storm starts, lucky that we are under a roof, this one it's tough!

When it goes, we start riding again, but some kilometers later, the superbig storm catches us. Lot of water + Trucks + Highway + Motorbike it's a scary combination, but Tià manages to get us out of the storm safely; we don't have time to search a place to rest for a while when we see us in the middle of the Istanbul's traffic.

I can't explain how it is... just imagine the craziest chaos ever and transform it into a jam. We spend more than an hour to arrive to the hotel, and it was just a few km away!

The hotel it's the Just Inn, ad it is in the city center. The crew is friendly and they help us to fins a place for the motorbike... maybe it's a little unorthodox but it works!

We have dinner near the hotel (first kebab!) and then we go for a little walk, suddenly we find Ayasofya and the Blue Mosque, what an impressive view! We haven't seen a lot, but we already love this city!
