---
layout: post
title: Day 21
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Georgia
image: /pictures/thumbs/day21.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

We try to leave the  hotel soon, because it's a "border day", and we get a little nervous when that happens. 

The road it's pretty much the same than the past two days, we don't really enjoy riding on it.

We reach the border before than expected, they check a little our baggage at the Turkey side. Then we aproach the Georgian side... and we feel the chaos there. A police oficcer says to us to skip the queu. The paperwork is easier than expected. They check anything about our baggage, and suddenly we are in Georgia. I can't explain good enough how this side of the border is... it seems a crazy bazar! Full of people screaming, offering insurance, currency, transport... whatever. What get's me really shocked are the minibuses, they are normal vans full of people standing!

It's really hot, so we keep riding to Batumi. We want to arrive there and get the motorcycle clothes out. The hotel is good enough, and the crew it's really friendly. At lunch we take our first "khachapuri" (it's a dough filled with cheese and egg), if you learn that word you'll be fine in this country. They are delicious!

We walk around the city and it surprises us, it's so modern and beautiful! The promenade, te beach full of life, the new facy buildings...

We are still full, so we decide to go to the hotel without having dinner. They have a nice terrasse

