---
layout: post
title: Day 7
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Serbia
image: /pictures/thumbs/canaldam.png
permalink: 
publish: yes
---

Today it's a special day, we are going to meet a family's friend! They are so kind, that they've invited us even before than knowing us!

We have a short ride (just 1 hour and a half) in front of us, so we take a road for a while. It's a great idea, because this way we can see the rural life in Serbia. It's Sunday so there are markets everywhere with a lots of fruits and vegetables (they look delicious!). At some point, we decide to change the route on the GPS, so we stop near a house. Then we hear someone speaking to us... -”Are you from Spain??”

-”Yes!”

The woman seems happy and super excited about that, and we don't know really why. Then she asks if we can talk through Skype with someone, she seems so happy that we say yes. The thing is that, she has a daughter, and the daughter learns Spanish in Beograd, because she wants to study in the university in Spain! So we see ourselves speaking in spanish with an unknown teenager at the phone in the middle of nowhere! That was funny!

With any other delay we reach our friends Jovanna and Uroš  family's house. We feel at home from the minute one, we are overwhelmed with all this hospitality! We spend most of the day talking (sometimes in Spanish, sometimes in English, sometimes in German) and eating the wonderful typical meals that they prepare for us, everything it's delicious!!! We didn't know each other in person, but we can talk  for hours about everything. 
