---
layout: post
title: Day 2
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Italy
image: /pictures/thumbs/canaldam.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

The wind it's a little bit weaker than yesterday, enough for us to depart, We take the breakfast with our new friend, and we take the highway again. There is no time to visit Nice, maybe next time! Somewhere in the highway we find ourselves stuck in the middle of a terrible jam. Riding a motorbike between trucks at 30ºC it's not fun at all. We are cooking ourselves like a potato in the oven with our motorbike clothes. Then a Truck driver says to us, that we should just pass all the cars, and we start doing it. Then we arrive to the stand to pay and... ups in this one you can just pay with an electronic device that of course we don't have. A taxi driver starts using the horn, we push the bottom to speak to someone, and they answer in French. The taxi driver comes, but just so he can yell at us nearer, he doesn't help us at all, and the girl on the machine just starts yelling “GIVE ME THE NUMBER!” we don't know what number is that... the chaos is increasing until the girl says “CREDIT CAR NUMBER!!!!”. We pay, and we run away from this people as fast as we can.

We enter to Italy through Veintemiglia, and we are superimpressed about the bridges that we are passing, what an architectural work! 

We reach San Remo really tired, spending a lot of time on the highway it's always hard.

We love being again in Italy! We always feel like at home here. We walk around the city and the promenade, we eat some pizza for dinner (come on! It's Italy!) and we go to rest.
