---
layout: post
title: Day 22
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Georgia
image: /pictures/thumbs/day22.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

We start riding a bit late, and when we are ready the hotel crew wants to take some photos of our departure (we are famous!!! just kidding). 

The roads in Georgia are fairly good enough; the problem are the drivers. They don't respect us at all. They drive in a really agressive way passing us in the worst conditions. We are a little freak out, and the hot it's not helping. 

We reach Kutaïsi after a few hours of slow riding, the road passes through villages, and constantly a cow, a child, a pig or any other alive thing tries to cross the road.

Kutaïsi it's a surprise, but not in a good way. We didn't know what to expect... at first we think that we entered through a bad neighbourhood, but no. Our hotel it's in a varely paved street, and we are near the city centre. 

Another time it's way too warm, we need to cool down at the hotel for a bit before exploring properly the city. When we finally get out to find somethig to eat, we end up at a "fruit market", but er are not able to uy anything. How to say it in a respectful way... it's not the cleanest we have seen ever. After that, we head to te city center, and what a surprise we have! a Mc Donalds is waiting for us there!! I thik I've never been so happy to see one.

From the first minute we notice that's not a "normal" Mc Donalds, here you have a manager who wellcomes you when you arrive, and almost scorts you to the table. Then after ordering, a ""cambrer"" brings you your meal, and announces what have you bought. That's crazy!

Later in the evening, when the temperatures are finally below 30C, we walk to the """ cathedral""" to visit it and see the views kof the city. It's going to be another "dog day" with just one meal, we head to the hotel to rest until tomorrow.