---
layout: post
title: Day 32
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Azerbaijan
image: /pictures/thumbs/day32.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

Again We go to the embassy to see what's going on with our visas. We arrive there at 10:00 and there is anybody. That's normal, if you think that the embassy is closed for the tourists today, is doesn't matter to us. We need our visas before the ship departs.

We end up waiting almost until 12, nobody is there working. The secretary says to us to try to phone later, and see if somebody can help us. It seem here everything works with phone calls!!! When we are about to leave the embassy, we meet Pixie, she was searching us to say that the ship will leave tonight. Great, we'll have to leave without our sticker on the passport.

We have a lazy day at the hotel until the evening, when we pack and ride to Alat. We arrive there at 21:00 and we meet with familiar and new faces. It seems we're going to be a log time waiting there. Some decide to camp while we drink some vodka speaking with the new friends that we are doing. We spend the whole night speaking with other travellers. It's so exciting and interesting to her them!

Finally at around 4:00 we start the customs papers, just for riding a motorbike we get some extra ones, so nice! at around 6:00 we are allowed to enter to the ship. I can't even explain how we feel at this point, we are just exhausted! the last thing that we need is to see our cabin. It's hot like the hell!!! I'm totally overwhelmed and done. We try to sleep but I simply can't. Later we decide to camp outside to rest and sleep, it is simply too hot on our no-widow cabin!
The ship moes until midday, then we don't know why we stop. 

We spend the hours as we can, speaking, writing, playing cards... anything is good to keep us entertained. We spend our first night outside the cabin and it's good enough.