---
layout: post
title: Day 26
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Georgia
image: /pictures/thumbs/day26.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

This morning we'll reach the Jvari Pass at 2379 m, we feel the altitude! it seems that the air is not enough for our "pulmons"! We take some photos around, the Caucasus are quite impressive. We have 4000th surrounding us. We chat for a while with a Dutch on his way to Tbilisi on motorbike and we start to "descent".

Today is even nicer than yesterday. The temperature is just perfect and there isn't a lot of traffic. 

Once again we pass Ananuri, but at some point we change the road and we head to a Natural Park. It's just the perfect decision. This part of the country is quite "empty" so we are riding alone on a mountain road. Just perfect! We stop in a special village (Tianeti!!!) to eat some Khinkali (homemade delicious meat dumplings) and a piece of pie before we continue our way to Badauri. We want to be as near as possible to the border.

When we take the main road again the stress starts. It is quite dangerous to ride on this country I'm afraid most of the time. Another thing is that they use the horn A LOT, sometimes they just want to say hello, but almost always they use it to say that we are too "slow".

We have problems again finding the hotel so we stop to ask to two men. They don't speak a word in English, but it is a funny experience... they manage to explain how to reach our hotel, and they even invite us to drink wine! When we arrive to the hotel we have a ice surprise! it is also a restaurant and a wine cellar. 

As usual at this point of the day, we just need to cool down, rest and eat something light before sleeping.