---
layout: post
title: Day 25
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: etapes
subcat: Private Pilot2
location: Georgia
image: /pictures/thumbs/day25.png
permalink: 
published: false
---

Today we decide to go to the mountains, to the Militar Highway. That's an ancient passage from Tbilisi over the Caucasus to Russia, and an important route for trucks.

Our first stop is Ananuri, an old fortress in front of a lake. It is beautiful indeed.

Next the landscape starts to change. We start following a little river. Grass fields start surrounding us with cows and horses, with its fresh air it is a great place to visit! Suddenly the road just ends, and our ride becomes an offroad ride. It's fine, because we have the chance to prove the new tyres before the "Stans", but also sucks because we are between trucks and they through to us so much dust that we can't see.

Then we start our way up to te mountains, and it gets a little bit difficult. The trucks are so slow... and the drivers so agressive that we don't feel confortable. It takes some time to reach Gudauri and its sky station. The views are breathtaking, we are surrounded by high mountains and alpine landscape. Again it's really hot and late, we haven't eaten a thing since morning and we have troubles finding the hotel. We walk around under the sun just asking everybody until someone knows it.

We go to the nearest restaurant, and I got some chicken on a sword! so cool!

We take the rest of the day just to rest, we are reallly tired.