---
layout: post
title: Day 27
description: 
type: photos
destination: pelmonenmoto
category: 3_Western_Asia
subcat: Private Pilot
location: Azerbaijan
image: /pictures/thumbs/day27.png
permalink: 
published: true
---

The plan was to leave the hotel really soon today, so we wake up before 7:00 and we start packing. An hour later we find out that it's raining a lot... So we just rest while we wait.

Finally we depart around 11:00 without having breakfast, so we stop on the road to buy some fruit. It's just delicious! We are just an hour far from the border, but we have the opportuitiy to see somethig new in our lives. An ilegal race. Yeah, a race on a road full of people, cars, trucks, cows, horsees... At some point a guy makes us stop, we don't understand a thing, what the hell it's going on?! The two mercedes stand lined while the guy films it, then they do the countdown and the race starts. It's that easy (ad crazy).

We cross the Georgian border easily and we find ourselves under a huge "Good Luck" signal in no-man's land... That's promising. We skip the line, and we ride to the front of it because we've seen two other motorbikes. We can't believe it! They are a couple from New Zealand riding their motorbikes in their way back home!!! We don't have to wait too long, the officer let us to pass the first door. Now is when the real custom process starts. They want to check all os our baggage, they ask if we have cameras (and how many), also they ask if we have a dron (for security issues it's forbidden to fly one on the country). Then we have to wait for some stamps and new papers, they take a photo from each of us, and finally, they say we are clear.

We ride with Robin and Pixie to Seki, they decide to join us and take our hotel for the night. The first impression of Azerbaijan is really good. The people is just welcoming us everywhere waving us! The roads are quite good and the drivers more respectful with us.

It's really hot when we reach the city, so we take a shower at the hotel. Then we go to search some money and something to eat, And finally...the swimming pool!!!
Sorry! that's a day without photos (we've been speaking too much with our new friends)