---
layout: post
title: Day 40
category: 4_Central_Asia
location: Uzbekistan
permalink: 
published: false
---

I've slept almost 12 hours, yesterday was just too much for me and I really needed to rest. We have breakfast with Robin and Pixie, today is a sad day because our paths are going to separate, it has been so nice riding together! For sure we are going to miss them!

We start riding to Nukus a bit late, but the road is fine and it should take just around an hour. Once we arrive to the hotel, we ask for the hospital; we have lunch and then we take a taxi to go there. I'm a bit nervous, I don't like doctors! When we enter there I feel overwhelmed, that'n not even a little primary atention center in Spain! A lady writes my name in a sheet and I enter directly to the doctor's office, by luck we find a kind girls who helps us with the translation... nobody here speaks a word in English. After a quick check on my ankle (nobody looks at the knee, now is also hurting) they decide to take an X-ray. It's just insane! they are taking X-rays in anopen room! and the nurse is holding my food whithout any protection while they take it. I don't get to seethe results, someone writes something on a paper, the doctor reads it and says that I should put a bandage and take some painkillers (all of that while I'm seated on the doctor's office near an old man who also needs something checked). They send me again to the hotel.

Well it seem it's not broken. We buy the painkillers, but Ithink I will skip taking them... checkig on internet they seem to be frobidden in a lot of UE countries; so I put myself a bandage and we spend the rest of the day just resting. We deserve it!